[Security] Response Actions History privilege required for response console output (#7860)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/endpoint-response-actions.md

  These are required to perform actions both in the response console and in other areas of the {{security-app}} (such as isolating a host from a detection alert).
* Users must have the appropriate user role or privileges for at least one response action to access the response console.

> * In addition to the privilege for each response action, users need at least **Read** access to the **Response Actions History** [privilege](/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend/elastic-defend-feature-privileges.md) to view command output and status in the response console. Without it, running a response action in the console can return an error even when the user has privileges for that action.

Reviewer: For the last sentence here, which is also used in the `elastic-defend-feature-privileges.md`, I would suggest this:

```suggestion
* In addition to the privilege for each response action, users need at least **Read** access to the **Response Actions History** [privilege](/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend/elastic-defend-feature-privileges.md) to view command output and status in the response console. Without it, running a response action in the console will create the action request, but the user will be unable to monitor its completion and will not be able to view its results.
```
